when has North had for him to
lose it I wonder that myself anyone
says now nothing to us Dedicates a video
that on Marta's day risk with the
live with the expectation took advantage
to bring up a conversation of mine look at
a conversation of mine I'm laughing Well of course
yes it's that I applauded that conversation
it's that since she appears as a girl that one
can hardly trust you I didn't say anything
strange in the conversation or not that she didn't
say here it's that anyway she has me
blocked and I block her and I can't see her
what she says I do
n't know but look she says
what character says Like this I was
an hour ago you fool you're very stupid you
're watching us let's see I'm going to say the
person
is from a few days ago this Ah I don't know if it will
be you and I think that
the person who was like this an hour ago is watching us
but that she's trying to humiliate me
as if saying that I do oral sex
Isabel girl that you
beg the TV Telecinco you
roll them total you crawl that when
you are bug that they were calling everything
that was contrary to Antonio David
you were crawling in a pitiful way
to see if you  they called you and I didn't
eat a [ __ ] not so they called the
cook the driver who has changed his
mind they called a guy who cleaned the
stairs of Rocío Jurado And you not so
called and you started to suck up
but well in a pathetic way girl
who wanted to make a career in television
even if they gave you 2000 or 3000
euros a night no well Never that you
are a lover girl you are going to try to
humiliate me because I look I will do it to you again
listen to me my mother man It's that I
prefer not to comment on that person because he
is like all day on networks and
saying also the other day he posted something
like Marta I warned you I don't know what and
Wait wait Wait wait of course the
machinery is in full operation show your
face You coward who thinks that
Antonio David the one behind
these videos
is that doesn't matter
look and everything and all his fixed tweet It's
about the moment when she in the
polygraph talks about that she slept together girl
please really if you have a little
dignity I don't know if she has a family or  what
Isabel Ávila but really and I say this
with all the maximum respect that I can
get for someone who wants to dedicate themselves to
what they want to dedicate themselves to okay because in the
end everyone can try to
crawl for a job
but Marina what resume or what you
beg these programs
please call me please save me I was a
lover I was a lover or rather you have
nothing to say that you don't have to say Hey
look I have this information I
've worked hard even exclusive no no no no what do you
want them to call you from a place
that you're begging to be called from a
place for having been a lover but not
only that or rather not only that it's
like all day long and also saying she
implies like from what I see
like Antonio David
I'm cracking up like Antonio David is like he
's driving Marta crazy now that's why
Marta is like she already
warned him and I'm thinking about Black If
you only knew how wrong you are in
this case or In my opinion at least or
rather it's like they're already trying to find that
in this case for example Antonio David and
I have been in cahoots  to get rid of
Marta and it's like, like, I haven't
spoken to Antonio David. None of
this is my information, the opinion that
you know, like, he has
twisted minds, you know, like,
thanks for all the congratulations,
that you're not going to be famous, he thinks you
have a fan, but tomorrow, tomorrow his
day is already made, tomorrow with this his
day is already Fabio, congratulations, but you should know that
on Telecinco the subject is already vetoed, they're
not going to call you, you
can only hope to be
invited by Ana Cotillas or one of these.
Well, I think that I think that he already did it,
I prefer not to talk about
my goodness, for all of us, International Women's Day,
Isabel Ávila, March 8th is
Working Women's Day. Neither you nor Rocío Carrasco, I am
working women, that you want to go,
do a day job saying that you're
sleeping with a famous person.
Tomorrow she's going to go bald when she sees
your video, she's going to see it, see. I don't
care, but I'm laughing at Marta,
not Marta, the other way around, no. Or no,
look here, above you, you've
blocked her, look, one click from us,
one click from us  I'm
cracking up Rocío look look super she
wants to be famous and wants to have fans
Look super fan of Rocío Carrasco
Oh what a tiki part Hey but what are we eh I mean
it's a little like maestro Joa
but more anonymous not that style
Look again us no no no what do we
do there no no but we go out a lot
Look at my conversation
Marta you said on sálvame that she wants to
hook up with him and she says are you afraid
that he keeps thinking about me and Marta says
look at you the girl what she starts to do I
mean you have to be How you have to be
for you to go to the girlfriend of a guy that you've
supposedly been sleeping with
having a wife for I don't know how many years and you
're crawling so that they call you
please on television to tell it and you
go write to the girlfriend you go
write to the girlfriend it
could be like that Look look look
trying to take pictures
with other famous people But who is who is who
lost his hair is that Coronado Who is it
Ah no he's talking about Diego Arrabal
something yes yes there were some conversations of
yours that he published I remember  They sent it to me
But in the end we didn't discuss it
Look, what's the problem? Come on,
you're here, like, asking for an
interview. No, no, he never answers me. Put me what you're
saying. It was
n't asking for one. No, no, no, no, no, he must. Uh, Juan's too, let's see. They must not be too far back. It was the day he didn't publish them, the day of Marta's live broadcast. Risk. What day was it live? And you look for them and we can discuss them if you want. Well, that was it. He was on the Andalusia bridge or
I was in the Sierra Nevada. He
deleted it. What can't be? Well,
but he can be so pathetic. Yes, he
had to delete it because here
we are. He'll be deleting things or something,
yes, but here we are. It's already November 14th.
No, no, November. This was
two weeks ago. That's why I'm telling you that we've been
passing by. There's nothing here. He
'll be deleting in December. Maybe from
time to time, no, I don't understand.
January 4th,
the dunghill of reason
continues on its path. They
don't rectify articles that are lies. I
asked them to rectify this hoax
signed by Ángela portero. Let's see what
the hoax is,
Isabel Ávila.  of the women with whom
Antonio had cheated on Olga
years ago and that they accuse her of having
sold the news of the separation of the
marriage
this there is nothing to rectify Here she
is saying that there are people who accuse her
no no she is signing that that they are that
these people as they are very short or rather
but but my goodness what So it
is a tweet from or rather
Twitter is dedicated entirely to everything to
this whole story no there is no other type
of message Its content is that clear
please begging that they call her it
is that I am left without hair really
brutal eh the rest I
had not seen
the conversation with Marta I had not
seen it but it is that she is not there Look
March 17th we have already passed and we have not seen
the one with that one Look March 8th March
2nd there she is not there it is not no this is
with Marta look and I know he is going to attack
Marta aunt man it is that it is lamentable
to go to the girlfriend of a day and
bore you know like I know
man I mean I do not know
the triviño as recommended Hey Ana
Bernal Triviño has already spoken out
about Juan up above or a whole
article about Rocío no that he has posted
Yes man it's been two years Ah he has
also remembered as we have had to
remind him some media before
eh because they have all gone along with it But
well, about Juan up above
the news, well I was a little
surprised the truth I mean I'm left a
little wondering eh I ask that maybe I don't
know I don't know well look if I
run into her I'll ask her okay in fact
today she was in the Reason building and
sometimes I don't know what she does there but she goes to Us to
Reason no but since it's the
Planeta group and it covers more go and if I
run into her again I'll ask her some
questions
man stop the gossip
live no but some
recorded questions like with Laura
It's that really but it's that I
miss because we can't debate the
sides with the others it doesn't let us look and
now we move on to the next topic that I want to
comment with you a little bit some
headlines that Rosario Mohedano gave the other day
with Albert there are people Marina who
can't and doesn't know how to debate  because he doesn't have
the ability nor does he have the truth on his
side When you have the truth on your
side or at least not that you have the
truth and that you are right because
I often debate with people Of course
but I am convinced that I am not
lying and I am right So I
am willing to debate
everywhere Okay when a person
defends something and gets stubborn about
something and takes the lies so far that
then he can't go back then he is not
capable of debating nor is he capable of
facing anything or continuing to argue with you
anything but what he does is spread
[ __ ] however he can go save himself who knows
what I'm telling you or rather yes totally There are
people who can debate because they
have the ability and there are other people
who don't no and in fact there are people who
cannot debate and do not even know how to speak they
prefer to flee and avoid
also exactly well it
is a person with whom we are never
going to debate I mean I would love to
and I say this for real With all due respect
but with your edition The Respect of the world
eh chat and exchange impressions and
I tell him Well look, this is Look, this is this
this and this but no no no no no no
this type of person will never be capable of
anything like that. Look, I
have to admit that I also have
a little trouble with it in the sense that
I hear, if I hear nonsense and atrocities, on the
other hand I get angry because not
atrocities like I don't care about the law
or I don't care there because we were in a
photo line And such. But if we are in a
debate but still the law that that is already
like tremendous, it's not that already At what point At
what point where you go you say I don't give a damn I don't give a damn about
the sentence, I don't need it,
give it to the sentence It's not just
papers.
Look, there was one, well I don't remember which
community it was, I don't know if it was Carrasquita, I think it
was the Carrasquista issue, I think it
was the Carrasquista community that there was
one of the orders of the dismissal, not of
Rocío Carrasco, that said there is no place for
appeal, okay, this doesn't make sense, this
has no procedural way for it to be
executed and there is no appeal against
this order and he goes and tells me I'll put it on, I'll
put the sentence on it and he tells me the one
characteristic. Ah, that one  paper is
nonsense the sentence I think I've
read it I think I've read it I think it sounds like that to me
that paper is nonsense I mean it's
nonsense that the judge thought of
writing that day it's not like God they are
magical eh but yeah but will almost all of them be like
that because it surprises me I mean I don't know
not
in this world for us to laugh
no Hey